
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES AND DISCLAIMER

COPYRIGHT - This report may not be reproduced or redistributed, in whole or in part, in any way and under any circumstances, without obtaining Innocap’s (as defined below) prior written approval. 

This report is confidential.
1.	This report and any attachments provided by Innocap Investment Inc. and its subsidiary companies (‘Innocap’) is intended solely for the addressee and contains confidential information which may be legally protected from disclosure. Innocap believes the information contained herein is reliable, but cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness considering its various sources.
2.	The information and opinions contained herein are for informational purposes only and are subject to change depending on the market conditions and general conjuncture to which they relate.
3.	This report does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to enter into any transaction made by Innocap in any jurisdiction. Innocap makes no representations or guarantees regarding the accuracy, reliability or completeness of this report or its suitability for any purpose. Innocap is not liable for any damages, including any loss of profits, which may directly or indirectly result from any reliance on this report.
4.	Before entering into an investment, it is recommended to carefully examine all conditions, assess the risks and determine whether it is appropriate for your financial needs and objectives in all respects. It is also recommended to consult financial, legal and/or tax advisors before entering into an investment.
5.	Innocap does not in any way guarantee or otherwise provide assurance that the strategies, funds or investment vehicles mentioned herein currently are, or will in the future be, available for investment or, where so required, that they would be implemented within the timeframe indicated herein.
6.	Innocap does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice. The information contained in this report is for informative purposes only and does not represent tax or other professional advice and cannot be construed to represent tax or other professional advice. Clients or proposed clients of Innocap should obtain their own independent tax advice based on their particular circumstances. Innocap does not accept responsibility for any loss incurred as a result of reliance on this information. This report is not intended for distribution and the contents is the property of Innocap. Any person in receipt of this information (other than its intended recipients) agrees not to use or allow the use by others of this information (or any portion thereof) and further agrees to keep confidential such information, and not to disclose, copy, distribute, or allow its disclosure, copying or distribution by others.
7.	Ratings of counterparties are based on qualitative criteria elaborated and assessed internally in light of our own past experience with the counterparty. These ratings only reflect a relative, and generally qualitative, evaluation. This qualitative evaluation does not replace a detailed analysis of performance or creditworthiness. They reflect in no way the financial strength of these counterparties.
